Cass you love from people you trust
this is tweet all right it's time for me
to strip down okay get the ketchup and
mustard ready I'm gonna put on the
cavalier $48 I think us it's sixty
dollars Australian and I think we need
to do this outside because if I did this
inside I think we'd stay in the carpet
although I gotta say I think the carpets
hydrophobic if you saw what happened in
New Year's Eve I can't believe it's the
same purpose afraid of something in here
at least we had people come in and work
all day the next day to clean that up
all right so I'm gonna get my microphone
where'd my microphone go I had it here a
second ago there it is I'm switching
over to the handheld can you hear me now
yeah all right and I have I think I
should disrobe a little bit anyway it's
not mine not on camera all right I'm
gonna I'm gonna strip down a little bit
because I want to uh no but they'll keep
the t-shirt underneath on cuz it's cold
out there all right we're gonna go
outside and who's gonna you're gonna
squirt me Lisa all right I'm gonna take
off the earphones I know I don't want to
get ketchup and mustard on my earphones
is this what we're gonna use sriracha
ketchup and mustard all right why why
because its hydrophobic all right can't
touch these things come on an object
well basically you know what no yours is
sriracha is a big stainer worse than
ketchup worse than mustard well
certainly speaking to the eye all right
no well no I have some special
corrective lenses with me yeah hold on a
second here take that
all right i'll leave the label in case
it doesn't work then we can send it back
right I think they wanted that I think
that will be the best idea oh they don't
want it better I think I might lead in
the label on no it's all right it's okay
oh my god nevermind you couldn't wear
black pant a black pants with us forward
right and this is really gonna help
right don't pre-soak me what are you
talking about pre-soak me all right here
we go okay with a cavalier actually wait
now what about are you gonna squirt me
busy I think we're all gonna swerve try
to avoid my pants well let's give it a
good shot you get a good shot here okay
how about some mustard oil okay we got
it this is fresh muster to oh gosh so
we're gonna see yep just some ketchup on
the head we're gonna see if it works
which is more hydrophobic my head or my
t-shirt Anthony Nielsen on there okay
here we go more squirt there you go okay
so racha sauce okay all right all right
okay okay mr. Rogerson here comes the
sriracha yeah I've got my eye protection
there are people gathering in the street
well that feels oh sorry about that all
right now here here the question is is
it soaking in and you know I could tell
you right now I feel it so I think it
might be but let's let's ring it off and
see first start with my head Oh start
with my head is it coming off my head
completely yes yes okay so they had a
hydrophobic come on the head I keep the
heads clean now is it coming look it's
sluicing right off actually it is dad oh
my god it works the waters are look old
yellow keep going keep going
I think the Surratt's obtained it there
so rachis notorious for staining so it
so I think we got thinking you got to
get this chat is pumping so that we get
more pressure all right try my pants cuz
it gone down these are not hydrophobic
pants did it come up he comes up my
pants fine oh so the real question is
what the hell yeah different in the
t-shirt from the pants look look at how
the water is beating and now you can
just bring the bag how's it drying it's
dry your watch no it's not well okay
this where water was shot at it Mike but
like I tummy is not dry let's like just
you're all right see see see her to see
how that's just drifting off calm so it
is it's somewhat Hydra its hydrophobic
right so see other this is kind of cool
it's like it's like a what it's not
completely not staining cuz some of the
stain did prob right we were also using
a jet of water to squish it into your
table here you come and wash it but
there you go the pros and the cons the
cons a little expensive forty-eight
dollars for a cotton teacher the pro its
natural cotton it's not any special
synthetic material i made this had a
rubber to be hydrophobic so its actual
cotton feels very comfortable stretchy
fits well pi try don't buy i got to say
it $48 it doesn't seem to have done much
better than my regular old non
hydrophobic pants i'm gonna have to say
probably don't do not buy sorry about
that